docs: clean up quickstart docs (#2214)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/omnigraph/index.mdx

Ask for a Domain by name (`domain(by: { name: "vitalik.eth" })`) and you get a typed result whether that name lives in ENSv1 or ENSv2 — your code doesn't have to know which at query time.

## What you get

- **Multichain in one query** — mainnet `.eth`, Basenames (`.base.eth`), Lineanames (`.linea.eth`), and 3DNS names (`.box`) all in a single unified schema.
- **Typed, no footguns** — names and labels are normalized for you, so rendering them in a UI is trivial.
- **The full ENS picture** — resolve records, search Domains, list what an address owns, read a complete history of onchain Events, inspect Permissions, and more.
- **Built-in pagination** — Relay-spec connections mean infinite scroll and stable pagination work out of the box.

## Your first query

Look up a Domain by name and read its owner:

```graphql title="example.gql"
query GetDomain {
  domain(by: { name: "vitalik.eth" }) {
    canonical {
      name {
        interpreted
      }
    }
    owner {
      address
    }
  }
}
```

> That's the simplest shape. When you're ready to understand the data model underneath, see [Core Concepts](/docs/integrate/omnigraph/concepts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's a simple shape to get started. When you're ready to understand the data model underneath, see [Core Concepts](/docs/integrate/omnigraph/concepts).
```

Author: Applied.

![ENS Omnigraph diagram](/ens-omnigraph-diagram.png)

The Omnigraph is delivered by [ENSApi](/docs/services/ensapi) on top of the indexed data in [ENSDb](/docs/services/ensdb). It follows the [Relay specification](https://relay.dev/graphql/connections.htm), abstracts away the most common ENS-protocol footguns, and exposes enough of the underlying protocol for builders who need to go deep.

## One unified API over ENSv1 + ENSv2

When ENSv2 launches in **Summer 2026**, the two protocol versions coexist — and the Omnigraph keeps your app working against both, at the same time, with no code changes. Both ENSv1 and ENSv2 Domains are indexed concurrently and exposed through a unified schema.

> Ask for a Domain by name (`domain(by: { name: "vitalik.eth" })`) and you get a typed result whether that name lives in ENSv1 or ENSv2 — your code doesn't have to know or care which.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask for a Domain by name (`domain(by: { name: "vitalik.eth" })`) and you get a typed result whether that name lives in ENSv1 or ENSv2 — your code doesn't have to know which at query time.
```

@shrugs My understanding is that devs building on the Omnigraph API will need to care if its ENSv1 or ENSv2 for some queries because don't they need to ensure their logic is fully prepared to handle both cases in the response?

Assuming so, suggest adding some special section about this key idea in the ENS Omnigraph Core Concepts. For example, ENSNode and the Omnigraph API do enable devs to make their apps fully ENSv2 ready even before ENSv2 launches, but to truly achieve that don't these devs need to prepare their apps to handle receiving responses back from the Omnigraph API for both ENSv1 and ENSv2 domains? Otherwise, when ENSv2 launches, if the developer integrated with the Omnigraph API with the assumption that all domains they get back would always be ENSv1 domains then their app will still break when ENSv2 launches because they didn't proactively prepare for getting back ENSv2 domains too. Right?

Author: Applied the reword. Also added a high-visibility "ENSv1 and ENSv2 will coexist" panel to both the Omnigraph overview and Core Concepts pages. The deeper Core Concepts section on preparing app code to handle *both* ENSv1 and ENSv2 response shapes (so it does not break at ENSv2 launch) is deferred to #2223.

## What you get

- **Multichain in one query** — mainnet `.eth`, Basenames (`.base.eth`), Lineanames (`.linea.eth`), and 3DNS names (`.box`) all in a single unified schema.

> - **Typed, no footguns** — names and labels are normalized for you, so rendering them in a UI is trivial.

Reviewer: We can also feature footguns related to resolutions, including the complexities of the params for "raw" resolutions and parsing / validating / interpreting the results for "raw" resolutions.

Author: Deferred to #2223 (resolutions docs) — resolution footguns will be featured there.

> - **The full ENS picture** — resolve records, search Domains, list what an address owns, read a complete history of onchain Events, and inspect Permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The full ENS picture** — resolve records, search Domains, list what an address owns, read a complete history of onchain Events, inspect Permissions, and more.
```

Author: Applied.
